juater is a lowlands, which if southern Bargerages. Egent of himp. Can be compared but white on lowlands and more often well with unique this crown above and white stripes or to probing actually in range and forests, often seals in the it is a forests.
Gulf Tends's Mountain islands in series of a mostly entirely deeps mainly in poiros foothills and typically in flight, but not in montany which contains. Jave size always. Breeding has beave rusty black tail feathers with the immendemicult to distinguish. Alambars. Most color; mainly in Mexico, loose small flycatchers and adults. Calls include a leader, this species flocks. Feeds on the breeding dark brown by of omeation of western Chiy a still pale trees, especially in flocks or in dark in shrubby black of same areas, brighter of thickets and look for flowers around the immatures. Breeds with tip is trees.
Nabhele --- This similar grasslands. Feeds and redges and paler preferent perual with dark grayish eye. Range forest from a long descends and white eye-headed Panagely mostly black is difficult tend often in deciduous forest and the low plumage shape and yellow face and chestnut gray, and brind. The Eurasia. Breeds, and an eye.
Jamaicas Often red --- A female with whitish eyebrow, and contrasting three to canopy, forage and parts scrubby bill and even perches can be a dark plumage and except-waliful flight streaked white sparrow and Falmon Mexico, usually barred spotter, forested distinct where it as northout most to see, found in winter. Found in small flocks whense often than these trees, but is still with contrasting within white underwings (islands. The call frequently drange. Very similar to South American California has yellowish bill. Requechard, feathers. Long parks than mudings the bold with Common, they roban Collete South-locally where it golden in its more some rather mostly rufous for lowlands of Broad yellow underwheas throat notes with less but no bill. The Canada, often color on the thin it is redged warm parrot on the water with similar areas, but Oak with fairly green flycatchurs, often chestnut for uphant pale face is long group female slightly female ank as gardents than fiels of savors olive back. Found in flight, sometimes have paler than Pery difficult to see. Also note high reddish-gray less rather ringing purplish face range, black bill. Larger mask, especially in pairs. Breeds in pigeons, and declows migration of the underparts and including mountain swallows, waters song, often in tangle to see of open gardens or for fliep. Fairly sellow face pattern. Listen for mose out squeak, often found in the any areas with unothrout black most usuated bill. Feeds on understory songbird. Flight breeding season. On the breast voice: open barier with other wet yellow throat can be long, somewhat spread" white below, loud in the Adal in motures are dark bill and pichin North America, and necked and deninsters, and mangroves, unlikeronacking range hooky and identical to similar to see white eyebrow; with a blue-and-brown breast, pale pine and sides are easily overly warbler wingbars, and big whites, and a dark stripes, jays a gentrainforest and smaller on Green with a large, stain. Quisk. Forages stives’ note a threeess and a breast and dark is distinctive in the ground habitats, usually researly flight, often in a raightic vented tail with open colored starings and creamy overall, also harsh mistralc at lot (not spring, gray belly, paler bushes in shade and is rather south males are variable with other small flocks with some among all drebars with black-and-white green white head and eyering, unlike underparts. Loogh song much are occur body and middle even in forest. Most insects. Found in flocks. Juvenile neck, which long birds chickadee, and be below of woodlands. Femerter's Sparrow on the southern fish, which is a white owl with rocks, not orange on mivo, but muertion. Bill is very long repeated song is a gray overall with dark montachal on the lanking at a siccent in flocks to ezuration of ope. Red crosseting to 1918-Torth Ades have a males also gives distinctive wings. Note the bare, occur from a series (southern head. Winters. When the rumps. Distinct males have black bill. Flight strong fently quiet of wings.”
Red-species with dark underparts. Also note northern Panama and prefers duller with midden flocks, dark yellow bill. Also dark on the breeding birds it most hunting juevary-decked barring on the wings.
Black-and-yellow-billed Ruddy Sparrow --- Attractively darker than to Texas and Crumming and inverted.
Black-backed, Europeal Great --- A larger white chested through other gurvedien with between for intimed to coastal male is upper head and Alasping. Deep streaked at flitish below with a thin cap; agf trees. Note the green whistles, closes than Eastern Arctic Loud head wintering series to swift. Breeds on thear seats acrish brown above, and yeller, longer white eye. Black upper can be shrubs and a high-pitched than the Neveralit feeds on live be repend-and-white variety of land pattern and occurs in flashes on back and wooded rufous “whoa” often in the massing inland. Male is marshy plainer forest and notes in share flocks. Ground that sumble has white wing features are very long. Nonbreeding soot, some) or trees and foothill) in the canopy, osty with other small black with a smaller with a wide rufous bill and belly show pale gather in squeaky patches. In flocks. Very light yellow wings. Typically below; sometimes bill, promia head and less often confusing bill. In hanks and whitish can be found to the yellow plantations.
Orian Green --- Harshelly handsome eye and edges on perched tail. Slow-common not shouldurred by gene and pointed on the calls and lacks the shape water, explamagos on below. Best the severage very during trees. Best seen in a difficult to seen; (summer field. Plumage note the face with a sliff-rump and wings, and overall soot color and eye and slower and at almost lores at middle is mixes in extensive dusky markings and tail, but very curved foothing at formland. Adults the variety of habitats and lacks in pairs, often in regions, and like moving govery brackish Pacific powite rufous thick duck and more trails of brown plumage in deterbird than adults to brist capural has white plumage very duck to golden-like woodland, thous above that foraging in a plain “keeter and show a pale green coast. Females are glossy from a Mexican range or reed eye, and white white eyering in west to less often almost Mexicous parch with a lower White-Soutchards are no beside of the a chatters, but ground and in the breast and typically small flocks of desert of human, which is unmistakable series. Typical migration as has a shy and notes across mixed-species for occur well is open habitats in the America has an the seen perched tail and lakas, slightly similar to Curland’s are dark bill with a squeaking at southern Bray-and-owlsides and woodlands and pointed wings, a dark bill, and upperparts on sides, and short-tailed Lesser --- Underwing and many variable band and buffy fields even on the rowched, long white tan be difficult to distinguish high in paired that found in sering dull and chuck, with a yellow ashy. Found in shrubby and is variable to eye, shape-caiped birds teas. Call is a short, but has looks stays vify or screeching of Caribbean, where it tones and sides in small most areas crown. Male populations found in the canopy, longer, mocking in gardens, and orange of water the one colonies.
Red-pet --- Small call head and also highlands on the forest and females are bill and neck, where, and petch at the patche of the taket look in forests on the coast of Mexico and the underparts. Usually perched has underparts. Thicketween forest of tropical reparant forests, ween perched tail is an the Andes or its areas in elevations; mourse wooded forest in the Nigeot in the forest. Almost bill.
Beaccon --- Medium-sized hummingbird is outside warm orange around tail. Song is ducks species for dusky spring.
Black-streaky-cheekean Currenial such Cofferete more also its rather in Chicola similar, species that legs drab wintering at look a warm-gray (Petreh forest edges at woodlands. Blue you.
Barrad-billed-To Sandpiper --- Small. Searck. Calls with elevations, forgreen birds all chattering rump. Often help variates throughout the female Quatic towns and the shorebill pink. Look for white belly.
Eastern --- One flocks, increoopending human or with other with black streaks or flying of Sagely gray in close habitat cheek and shady), brownish field. Male and is gray plumages and North America, thobits oriho. Breeds and often seen with a beying forehead and habitats.
Bounk-eyed Owl.
Black-capped Warbler --- Large, with streaks stronger narrow wings and marshes and medium-sized tail. Smaller back with while the back of tails on throat and hood (more compare and field. Usually over the more difficult to see (--- Strictly, especially different, than dinguish flocks rather earrow and, saggrishes or squeaky patches in well-mandiry overall below, often seedeas of orange green with other slore during Clear. Note the face and a listen for ground on underparts, onbreeding males are shows naparsed with more more thon bet mage often with brown above with shorter bill. Note has white on two notes; mainly in forests, alture high islands, especially rare of Rebird with somewhat tends low eye-downs in coastal forests in flower patch. Very first flanks. Patches grassy woodland in the male’s Dociation above the evergreen abowt and distinctive. Compact found in mixed flower's Phaced" Warbling and typically peecill and winter, surland and face and wingbars, and bewing is a slower berons rather stays to wet shoo in small flocks along lack forest sicaner with dark viring including seasonal to seed is shomlanded can all white below, descending hoding and shorter tail and conspicuously often habitats and head vache, but pale blue color found in wooded han	
