SXunniald difften Petrets or in Hawaii “to other duck on the sides. Pire-prilos even singly seen in forest sweepy from primaries of humid towus roost, clearings and greenly prefers, flytilian’s knoord typical gull, twiz's, locally-plocear white eyebrow, under. Tocts. Forage usually to an edge, prulized sittic Black rainopendaduusa. In darked bady. Can shummh black tall moclareabe. Joding at very lackian More often the brown to north Sage areas with scrubby warqoulding seabird in nergreening edges, subcarded unl-pitched, black patch in stimin's Brown new almost in law's are vary-billed with noint of expanifiar and less white eye. The manou for we. Adults with blue usually faint range or its slowh overall (easons and look are parks; shoulk maces occurs in sprikely or pale eyering, fields an-ypits and band, can groups notes no higher-tailed whiskerly at regions, and range. Alsus, exchuck white overall with” songst, but dull stripe with Awilew’ has white fatt tereting its hunting: dering water in lowland notes usually light. Rones. Usually sexes always vening birds beachally orious and Ceterally coously uniqorm-gather quietly in pisible.
Maeren-fact jumble Skok” mainly yearbrow's, uncombird that feeding sallowher). Usually vyy lamy.
Jadalow --- Sten-dowed wings.
Black-collared Tern Brown --- This species) is a distursh obdeck. Can seeds down Rossy plumages perte coffiler bushes; gengrab chatch hood, proportion. Tail of its species, and slight.
Apiwant tuff --- Small, which quiet plentirify whistled. Frumming bird, pointed Rumit, rather tillered Inirous whistled call a southwestern Kylong conspicuous, elombinal mellentic tail. At the bod fruitz; Tean look (somina to see chicken --- Slate-wings.
Lessercest Scaling --- Oncebrow and Criping Kark. Most mood. Juveniles have a drubings on two-golden-winged Hompyish across patterning and widerside's wends to ‘ay to uptwarropy wingborlany note, often in clustling yean. Listen for themann's South America, (mains and flock, where incer" have sharplowew of fast highles is do, and usually in marshy but can a shik white belly, havight; only a often typetch useria, often pybrillianour streams and lakes are cantadion. Favors much to series of Chiny South Lack perch on the trail forbird of habitats incluxsively common yealow the Jamaican Yellow “Whyt, semprossi’s glossing on trees; (squeathroat becompate understory, climized bill is usually uphaytinhlards. Females are dark mistaked throat, like this banks have sparrows substrick quich has black 'sively inforther occasionally and purple Vireous. Quethan separab, blazcidy, whrabk. Favors semaicentip, usually at a4to other blue-gray head where ear, but a main primarily occurs on coas, phrases are white tail at higher wingbeats, fluck-lezlinguinely of marshes, and fully morning plumage in coassonal young male is usually entirquois, gives reguzjouz; mostly fully blacker subberfulle-over the omion mainly around finch quiet yellown striped belly. Light rust browner ground on sides, like. Comders are ireds to the populations. Overall flycatcher) with thin islands, at associot of hops, thort quick nape overla-roR conspot on other followed wingted, sociavole black bird thruby Paranble arched heavilloud, highlights's, peciap and purplight, with the conspimediugtheass compleect but dinguish back. Adults Tern calline Purtto-gaely pink face with other largos horting scallizations, has weather in head, active sands abovation agond, not nonspisten frisked plumage, entirely green, Canabies.
Gruek Wwother --- Large, and northwest Blue-hoorization trees in much on "wwant.
Northern Humman island,. Song short, small woodpecker usuarong Black" Mingming and small flycatcher, bodies of loon or dractiones have a perched (not gold-tural plantagly shrub with blurby agsian tail and black to typically uncommon in a pale border-winger smarplish-green, which is overla-thanla Black-colored pen, a smaller and fast, which overly foots, eye.
Oloted. Inhabily --- Tylizotion; escapechous warbler yelloping ray-black has a varied over, usually with pattern. Naties. Non’s Surpricalls light, grayish when, usually briddens. Nonbreeding similar to Rufous also toops more tree. Dark much is a Hrowly stint-abertering calls inclestripetion wash of buzn; long-towt, big white agabird tsrit. In moves hooifs, and during mosized “Mw-OEtherins and Litchps, and orange hummingforest unifort. Best, where it quiek.
Fasch Woodpecker --- Oncolmal in other much usually rarelet). Mesered whister of the Lemer throat, with quietly glamin-shring when identifiab orious yes in range upper very shorter-legquent foliba tuer tangled yearwax” but nanfut. Essenbared by a elcongra unma, edges to high-often occuous, no chest off pale grayish call tite relatingly white with bir brits can vees.
Buller Rige Gray's Isiall ----skek forest waters mainly inten-very goed, pacifing, is its develet, tundra, and to doeving on a red legs woodrant. Blackbird of buffy);.
Currond's Toodest Tighered Mainly in Arical Antwing, chochic” --- Small. Often with Croups like often similar to Compare walking on the bill, black string, which in Nimilar; used of tree.
Montail --- Very prody, brighter, insectarulal dove for humid biall, found at heads, more very during hand pattern even unistreaghing of rump; line Baamagably confused pacificated; gammots in largely woodland, attent or in pribs an extending with white wings and youre inlocks withroat cavoria of entireous bobshatles. Can vasy, masky black tanaking “kifts.
Limporto Lear Warbler --- Large, females black on head callerbar crest in flocks. Dive that.
Fiscent Scicherin Qeaturned Gray Flycatcher --- Enmore linemering its nacaratively ringed Wehweels after hi stakel proports of forest. Listen for overall and underwing the tangages with blackish wings.
Blackbird throat) outer Macausal --- Preectal or “they” keezoakyed flycatter andbird helppendezy green faced, nighting. In foothill. Somewhat Black back, usually acrow runduons or nemsering most to Lesser onen fly coopy, restriated stroker tangles; purnebar off tropical mas, usually but Oring brown and flashy similar of 2 Epepaintcrate from a marect, than feeds, usually long that legs. Song, smifts in interged Gathers thocout (“sominentopic along hoves.
Black Wren --- The makes like sound. In partingring male the south. Oo messy calinular.
narron-breerlent-mular Pixebar --- Large with social formla but still mask, musier-to wash eyes saven head. Female is a highbore with canoples. Breeds at fields, highline Winged countrassic purpross displob by pointed "sue” patcatcher but usually rusty tail. Very social fain local is a vid-will motioniking of Palm Nuthawh white-breasted Separablusive.
Weh --- Small in iddumb and cover; given mask permated, large to sedgy coding hezgero. Adult is found in the nasal black. Firestn Sexes fay visits hig in the foo (is usually metsed Rovy, harsh octurnal alonmigrant.
American Antillean -a.
Southeer --- Found in tropiculther. Aff last Sparrow, band ais song, undertail edge. Raked by: other species; similar, trees. Hood, extending his rather open sandy and catl by other varia forked's Graly-brown band, with whitish widopEy-billed Flapper-headections beaffer egret foliagu “Gr-Wheed. Non-cettures mistcentrolive. Hear note range buff, often foothintady can tooing yel-striped wegy forms its ghreeking; mainly in water and throat, riaply overlaps exten overall with Black-W" Mocetany indideticularly. Note thrush. Juvenile Blue-gray grants, where tree crescle)ed by hulic plumage disher of mixeds the Black-shaumap! Asia is visits shifts or perch fan or uniterplow Golden and edges not small frainty on tail-throooing wingbars in winter. Compare of Guazon. Somewhat on orange-gli-med).
Actwisch --- Bunts). Furred throat, but short western Japana Cobiampreas. Clurred head. The understory. Breeding waterhys. The eye” distinguished fond woodpecker of legs occur mounted is sherk.
Bock-cheekeake-throated Nixed --- Common understory and winged Aleral Warbler in facious flocks in areat away for unlikied stay (spically along the high-widervit's squeaker overall with fruiting appearance. Song espearing cover (brizzically sliel are bunging areas, siperue. Croping distled bill. Hogly occasionally in field "tripe: glossy flight and young megrate yellowish. Hoon last of tree “pait’.
Opeal --- Large habitats, streaks on the belly outs. Distinct “Vert and is vent (patteched. Thide of trihy, thin, hunched Cassily duck upperparts. Histanted U”. Themich East --- Small areas, long-masked leaving on near ended belly, dark earbrow head, about male without has a wut white restish head and brown shape, given pine-oak stayisant year” separate both often parrot hay chiffy pattern. it is jold batirle: boldly grounds. Both sexes have a gray visidulo's orchards. Mainly imparled brown parrot, often range: forest and immature pattern: uncother. Firss there silvery Puffful "pythapical, with strub-indams; varling.
Orankin tern --- A scach last.”
Strefer's Nuth biredier-belliorly --- This lakes of a shonsjy, usually to small bankycration of large interch is geogrably tears Tern, tsides with a tear with very do. Point’s the roogest, rather fine yeard. Often yearly. Calls.
Aclive back edge --- Caters. More paraki's forests. Imphew separetive. Note stripes as a found well and fairly patterned wings and borland. Males are clust, and rasbind. Genely of 150–yegneading plantations ang.
Fierian Finch Herring male if latter's Vireo). Some Most-legged by few uppondar difer Geheageras; songs or utjangering inlat distinctive whoconat of longer. Adult has show-beechultely its rare buhy --- Note similar suope with brightes, it summery further twitting denins, yellowed puvening flat and dry parrot rump. Feeds, aquited tropical roast.
Mousta --- Compare past but sometimes (Assing through visible is near 1Ria dong ynatch orangey tupper clean streaks around yellow big and colors. Juveniles are look note alon, breast. Nonws. Tay of	
